and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business growth show i'm your host
sam dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com
and if you haven't yet check out our
weekly email where we share actual
marketing tips useful podcasts free
guides bonus resources and much much
more every monday to start your week off
with a bang you can sign up over at
businessgrowth.email
so joining me today we've got tim clark
tim's a ceo and co-founder over
uncrushed which is a platform and
community for mental health awareness
very warm welcome to the show tim how's
it going thank you i'm good thank you
it's always good to hear another british
voice i'm kind of sad you're not in the
superman outfit today
oh yeah i forgot about that i was hoping
i got away with that on linkedin a while
back and uh the last few people i've
chatted to have been bringing it up so i
think the superman outfit is gonna have
to make an appearance in a future
podcast yeah yeah
so yeah if you're on linkedin look out
for seo man or on the youtube you'll see
it lounging about and uh
have a good laugh but yeah looking
forward to the today tim we're gonna be
chatting all around
prioritizing mental health and how it
impacts cells performance um so first
and foremost a very open-ended question
to kick off the convo what how does
mental health really correlate how does
it relate to cells
yeah well um last year in 2021 uh
uncrushed sales health alliance with
jeff risley and richard harris we
partnered up and we ran a survey on the
state of mental health in sales we
surveyed about 700 people
uh and
the from the respondents three and five
said that they were struggling with
their mental health well uh
and through this report and we'll talk
about where to get it later on it's all
free um
there's there's a clear correlation not
a big surprise clear correlation between
if you have good mental health you're
doing better at sales uh we found that
sales people with the best mental health
or three times more likely to rate their
sales performance is very good or
excellent uh compared to those with uh
with poor mental health i think this has
been a it's been a challenge for a long
period of time you know um sales is one
of the oldest professions and one of the
most challenging professions
and with that comes
sometimes some challenges and there's
obviously stigma associated with saying
mental illness
um you know so when talking about this
it could be anything from burnout
anxiety depression imposter syndrome uh
through to to some of the more darker
ones as well
yeah i mean that's that in itself three
out of five it seems like a staggering
number i would have never thought myself
that it would have been that high a
percentage of um people that struggle
with so that alone shows that it's an
issue and something i guess needs to be
brought up and discussed a lot more than
it than it is right now
um so perhaps we should start with some
of the main
reasons why this this is something that
so many of us struggle with especially
in the sales sales frontier
yeah i mean from my own personal
perspective so i'm currently in
marketing i spent the last eight or so
years of marketing and before that i
spent seven years in in sales uh
vodafone recall salesforce
um
and so i always like to consider myself
a marketer with a with a passion for
sales
and um
i know for me
you know growing up in england working
in england like it was this stiff upper
lip mentality don't speak about feelings
emotions just
say yes do everything
uh be strong particularly as a male you
know um just just don't process emotions
and so
one thing that's really telling for me
is is that we even had 700 people
responding to this survey you know the
fact that people are willing now uh
particularly after the pandemic to come
forward and speak about this
i think it's very telling that the sales
people want change
and that change not only starts from
within but it also starts within their
leadership and within their companies
yeah yeah yeah
definitely i think like you say it's
something that's not talked about enough
and so hopefully we're going to share
some
ideas really around if if anyone tuning
in has had issues or feels like they
they could be struggling um you can give
them some ideas and some best practices
that work for yourself tim and perhaps
people that you've helped um so are
there any
signs that we should look out for when
it comes to our own mental health
perhaps we're a sales rep perhaps we're
not perhaps you run a business which
should be very stressful in itself or
perhaps we're a marketer that juggles
many many things
and we feel that ultimately it's having
an impact on our performance whether
that is ourselves our bottom line our
revenue um i guess initially are there
any things that we should be looking out
for any signs
yeah i mean irrespective of the role
life is always going to happen on life's
terms and i
i'm a big believer it's about how we can
face those challenges that that come
through life
um and and that word facing is is pretty
key because
for me
i didn't have a lot of the tools on how
to face it so i just ran from it i tried
to ignore it and suppress it and
i share that uh
back in 2013 i lost my dad suddenly he
passed away over a stroke
and
i continued working the rest of the day
and then the following day and i only
learned this a few months later on like
i was on the phone with my with my ddrs
um
and
you know discussing sales opportunities
for them it was really weird they're
like wait a minute what what are you
doing like you know you've just gone
through this big life event
and so that that was my first way of
processing it or dealing with it was to
avoid it
right so i think
avoidance can come in many forms it
could be through work uh it could be
through social media it could be through
drugs through alcohol um
and and so there's there's no harm in
avoidance depending on what the choice
is
so i think to answer your question one
of the first things is just recognizing
like
is there a particularly hard emotion
that i'm facing right now and how am i
choosing to face that or turn away from
it um
and just having that period of
reflection like sometimes particularly
in sales we're moving so so fast
and
um you don't see it until it's too late
and this is where burnout really fits in
as well like people grind and grind and
grind and there's all these
hustle posts and thankfully there's lots
of anti-hustle posts on uh on linkedin
now
um but in my opinion like it obviously
everyone can choose how they want to
work and and kudos to them for me it
didn't work uh or it did for a period of
time
and and then i i burnt out you know it's
too much i didn't have any um
any space
yeah yeah yeah um i think
with sales as well and if you run your
business or if you're an entrepreneur
and perhaps a small business owner the
thing is you've always got targets above
your head right
so and i've certainly been guilty of
this in the past like prioritizing
trying to hit a number or trying to get
enough leads in the pipeline and then
trying to bring them over to closure to
hit a target that i kind of forget
everything else that's going on around
me and just focus on that so hard
and then it's not really helping because
you're putting yourself under so much
stress you're perhaps having an impact
on the rest of your family maybe your
friends or whoever's close to you maybe
there are other people that you're
working with that
ultimately
from a long-term perspective hitting
that target for that month doesn't
really matter on the impact it's had on
you yourself um
so yeah um actually mine's a very minor
incident compared to yours tim um but
certainly can can see where you're
coming from on that so
in terms of
are there any
are there any leading
factors i guess it varies quite a lot
that actually
tend to tend to cause poor mental health
and from the sales front is it is it
usually a
kind of something massive that impact
your life like in your case or is it
we're perhaps putting too much stress on
ourselves to hit numbers or are there
any um
i guess common things that we should be
aware of
that can impact us and that we should
kind of
take note of
yeah it's a great question uh in therapy
they talk about big t's and little t's
big trauma and little trauma and
and so yeah maybe people will relate or
if they've lost someone or that there's
there's been an accident you know
something big in their life but the
reason i say it's a great question is
because it absolutely doesn't have to be
the case it could be lots of little
things as well
um
you know i put it putting aside the loss
like just the pressure of like be the
best at school you know getting through
being bullied uh
work your way up and get as high as
possible in the company earn as much
money hit all these little things like
they can really
uh they can really build on you and and
i love the analogy of like is is your
glass empty or is your glass full um and
a lot of the time that these things take
away from your glass and so i asked that
what are you doing to refill it
and i remember
when i had the money the material things
like all the great stuff
i wasn't fulfilled whatsoever you know i
just i had no happiness whatsoever
and then that led me to a journey to go
what what's my why what what does fill
me up
uh and i realize like i don't want work
to define me my personality
my personal identity and
my work identity was completely
intertwined
you know and that again i think that
helped me for a long period uh in in
starting my career moving up um so not
putting it down but long term like i'm
more than more than my job
yeah
that's a great great way to look at it
um
yeah i mean burnout's probably
burnout's probably one that that hits a
lot of sales professionals especially
small business owners and probably
larger business owners too um
perhaps and feel free to share your own
experiences tim um
what are some
ways that you've found if if you do feel
like everything is getting too much if
you feel like you're working all these
long hours if you feel like everything's
getting on top of you are there any
ways that we can i guess shift the
burden and any practices that you
recommend to to help people that are
feeling that way
yeah so there's a few things i think one
just
looking at what can you do for yourself
and for me i think the biggest thing is
boundaries
putting in place sickly now like
a lot of people um
are working from home
uh perhaps you have kids at home uh
perhaps you're caring for for elderly or
other loved ones in your family
um and so zoom can just kind of blend
into the rest of your day
yep um i know for me personally like a
lot of the time i wasn't getting out of
the house
um and i i just worked all the time and
sorry the first kind of tip is take a
step back figure out like what's your
start time what's your end time maybe
it's not as uh as rigid as that like you
might have blocks of time maybe you want
to go work out for a period of time
maybe you want to go take a walk with
the dog
um
but but physical movement is is great
and i also just love to to shift my
energy and i i it sounds a little
woo-woo but i now been to tony robbins
conference and uh you know he talks
about before getting on a call or before
on a video call
just stand up jump around move your body
like just shift some of your energy
because it's really is this correlation
between
uh what's going on in your head and and
in your body and your body retains that
um so i think that that's within the
individual um
certainly if someone's struggling highly
encourage them to reach out for help um
okay and and even that
that sounds serious to me as i said so
let's just let's just make it a little
easier
if you have something going on in your
head like i'm angry i'm resentful oh
this is stressful or i'm feeling so much
pressure just talk to someone about it
um and i love this saying that when when
you share something you divide the pain
and you multiply the joy
it just really halfs these challenges
when you share it and i think we all
need connection um
so that's the individual the second
thing is then
building on that speaking to someone is
is looking at what's your relationship
like with your manager
and i think for any managers listening
like hopefully you are creating an
environment where people can come
forwards and can come speak to you and i
appreciate that it is challenging you
know now i'm the marketer and i'm like
oh you know it's prioritized mental
health over sales i appreciate that you
have to hit quotas and you know you have
to hit deliver revenue performance
however there's no way to do it in terms
of treating someone as a human and not
just a number and there's some great
people out there that really talk about
this like ian cognac for example he
focuses a lot on you know you're more
than your number
so as a manager you're creating an
environment for your employees to come
forward to speak to you perhaps out
outside of work stuff it doesn't mean
you have to deal with therapy stuff uh
like hardcore issues but just just
saying hey i'm not okay today or maybe i
need some support
yeah yeah all great great points i mean
the the routine one first of all
breaking up your day i mean i've done
that i'm sure many people tuning in have
done that we've just jam-packed your day
with cool zoom sessions perhaps you're
building proposals perhaps you're doing
follow-ups perhaps you're doing other
bits and pieces with your team and then
before you know it you've missed your
workout you've missed your walk you've
missed lunch
you've missed everything else and you
think where the heck's the day gone you
feel drained and then you realize you've
still got more stuff to do and plan for
the next day um yeah
so yeah breaking up those kind of
getting those breaks in getting some
some movement making sure you're
hydrated get enough food and all those
good points are so important um
so i don't know about you i find if i'm
staring at a screen for too long i start
to get frustrated and i don't even
realize it until i move away until i get
outside then i realize cool that
everything doesn't seem as bad as it was
now i've kind of walked about had a
workout or had a run or whatever it is
for five ten minutes my my mind just
feels so much fresher and i feel less
work and frustrated
yeah physical exercise is has been a one
that i've avoided for a long period of
time i've done a lot on my own mental
health
uh and then recently you know i just
changed jobs and i decided to take a
month off in between
uh in between those two jobs uh which i
appreciate is it is a big privilege to
be able to do that um
the way that i use that time off was to
build a new routine
uh which incorporated the physical
exercise and so now
that i was doing it for three four weeks
and i'm in you know week one of my new
role now like i've been consistently
getting up uh and and getting some form
of movement my peloton is finally
getting used after goodness knows how
many years
um but yeah it was interesting for me
like i felt this resistance
uh i'm procrastinating about like oh i
want to get on the bike there's so much
effort
uh but then as i started to build that
routine
now it's like i want to do it and then
using technology to support you know
like i have an apple watch and there's
lots of great technology that's out
there
and i got accountability and connection
with others you know just kind of
motivate me throughout throughout the
day
but the other thing with zoom is
um
it's very fatiguing to have your video
on uh and your audio on all the day
and so again like another tip would be
for managers like take a walking call or
use a phone instead of a laptop um
there's so many different options that
are available to you i think that's the
thing isn't it it's almost become habit
that every call has to be a zoom session
and it's like well
if it if you don't need to see this
person on on camera like you say why not
go for a walk just put on your mobile
your cell phone instead
and
that way it breaks up a bit and it means
you don't have to sit down and get that
movement in so that that makes perfect
sense and
shifting on to the second point if
you're perhaps in a leadership position
perhaps you manage a team maybe you've
got a team of sales reps
um you talk about creating an open
environment where people can come
forward if they feel like they've got
issues um if they're struggling with
something
is that easier said than done tim have
you got any other examples of perhaps
people that you've worked with or any
success stories where you you know this
is this has worked well perhaps for
leadership positions where they've kind
of really seen a change in their their
team or perhaps they've had examples
where people
have been struggling and they've really
kind of helped get them on the right
track
yeah
it's interesting we one of the questions
we asked in the survey was reflect on
the time in your sales career when you
felt most engaged and motivated and
the top three factors were you felt
supported by your leader or manager you
felt recognized and valued by your
company and you felt like you had
autonomy and free will in your role uh
and and all of these things i think tie
back into the culture of the company
the the leadership style
um one of my
favorite books to recommend in this area
is dare to lead by brene brown uh
and and she really emphasizes the
importance of leading one vulnerability
there's a ton of research around this uh
ginger i think headspace acquired ginger
um and they've got a lot of research on
on
the impact of leaders leading with
vulnerability however they're also
concerned that it will impact how people
think of them
and so first of all personal choice for
someone like okay maybe you don't want
to share the in-depth of everything
that's going on in your marriage or you
know something in your life
um however like as a you you mentioned
your entrepreneur like perhaps you're
working in a startup like maybe just
sharing that i recognize this is a
really challenging time right now like
sometimes i feel burnt out in the
evening
and this is what i do to take care of
myself
and it it just normalizes some of these
conversations
now thankfully like a lot of uh
companies they offer employee assistance
programs and so if it's someone that is
struggling that needs some sort of
professional support the
the key uh role for the leader
is to connect people with that with that
employee assistance program to connect
them with that support
however like in the us for mental health
america 60 of the people uh that
say they have a challenge with mental
illness don't reach out for help
and so
i think it there's a massive focus
before someone asks to go to the eap
like they need to speak to mandarin and
and
maybe it might just be asking them how
they are not once but twice you know the
instantaneous response when i go hey how
are you i'm good
you know and actually how do we go a
level deeper than that and so sometimes
i like to to say like hey look at look
at the traffic light system maybe just
check in with your team where you are at
red orange green
um and and just gauge where where the
team is at and
to specifically answer your question i
i've had some amazing leaders at
salesforce over the years
uh that have that have really helped me
and i felt seen i felt heard
um and they also have some amazing
employee resource groups as well
uh for for people to connect with each
other i think all of this like the
common theme is is connection and
support
yeah and do you think
that
if people are in a leadership role and
they are managing some kind of team do
you think they should be open with the
team as well to perhaps encourage them
to open up a bit more and perhaps if
they are struggling to
whether that is saying look this is this
is something that i struggled with a
while ago um and so if you are if you
are having issues if you are feeling
under pressure with your sales targets
or if you're finding work hard if
everything's getting on top of you then
feel free to kind of chat to myself or
someone who's dedicated in the team and
because i know i've struggled this as
well so is it more about them being open
or is that perhaps not the way to look
at it
i i think it is um
with with a caveat which i'll touch on
so i think vulnerability breeds
vulnerability
uh you need to create a space for people
to be vulnerable and if you don't
connect on that level
like hopefully they'll they'll connect
with someone else in the team but
between two people you need to set this
the scene of vulnerability
the the caveat is that i appreciate um
that me being a white male is one thing
to to share my story and then when we
look at other genders other races
uh there are multiple levels of stigma
associated with mental health
and so i appreciate that it's not going
to be a one-size-fits-all you know
because the risk of discrimination
is extremely real
um i also think there's a generational
shift as well
uh i think for
you know for some like the millennials
gen z
uh i think people are more willing to
speak openly about about their mental
health and
and i think they want to as well within
uh you know we've seen right now with a
great resignation so many people are
changing jobs particularly in sales i've
changed jobs uh i think a lot of people
want to work for a company
uh that has
this leadership style that we're talking
about uh that also has a culture of of
being able to bring your full authentic
self to work
not having to be like well this is the
work tim and everything else just kind
of i i keep behind the curtain
yeah
yeah yeah it's yeah that those those
points will make sense now
with that said um
we touched on this a bit earlier but
with in terms of sales targets
to to grow a business we we all need to
to set sales targets we all have revenue
goals and if we fail to hit them there's
there's going to be some kind of
knock-on effect whether that's a sales
rep it's going to affect your commission
whether that's as a manager or a
business owner it's going to affect the
growth of your company um
how do we
empower our team to say look we've got
this number to hit and we need to do x y
z to make it happen but at the same time
not stress them out so much that they
think their life depends on it
and is there a balance that we need to
consider have you any have you any
recommendations to
how to get that
yeah i think that there's one mentality
that in order to
you know
increase the amount of leads you do more
outreach and you know close more deals
like how do you hit your numbers you
just do more work and actually there's
this other mentality of saying well wait
a minute if people on your team are
feeling healthy they're feeling
refreshed they're feeling energized
they're actually going to do a better
job i don't think more has will equal
better and so i think to answer your
question that there's an opportunity
here like go do a team building exercise
you know i know again it's easy for me
to say it in marketing but even just
taking like an hour out you know do it
on zoom like do something to to just
go back to those those things that uh
that help sales people feel most engaged
and motivated they feel supported they
feel recognized they feel valued they
have autonomy and free will like go
value your team go do something fun with
them
uh and and i think that will just charge
them up and
john barrows put out this video a couple
of days ago uh
about actually giving a and he was
talking about how how one of his team's
numbers you know fell flat at a certain
point
um
and and he was emphasizing you know you
need to give a you need to really
really care
and i i think if you're exhausted and
burnt out you're not gonna care
yeah
yeah so in case guess it's
keeping your team like you said
energized motivated and keep them happy
and not not always doing work and like
you say if you can get the chance to do
these team building exercises
get them out of the office
get them um doing some fun stuff
together
like you said yeah i didn't mean that
refreshed
yeah even like one thing i i love to be
done with the team is
uh particularly during the peak of the
pandemic we uh we put together this
slide deck and each team meeting would
be like everyone would have a slide in a
minute to say one thing that they did
last week and it could be a
photo of their kids it could be
something that they've watched on tv
yeah maybe they cook something
and again it brings people together you
get this connection uh with each other
and i think this connection like perhaps
you're a new bdr you know and i know
there's some great technology with like
gong and chorus so you can start to
listen to some of these other sales
tools and obviously different cadences
and outreaches
that are
um
but you still need connection like with
with your teammates i know when i was in
sales it was like little black book you
don't you don't share anything you know
it's just kind of pre having a crm in
place
uh
and kind of a lone wolf you know maybe
if you're lucky you get a ride along
um
now like i think you know you want to
connect with your teammates
yeah
yeah of course you do especially as most
of us now are working from home we're
perhaps stuck in the same office for
eight hours perhaps longer a day so
those those little things that can break
it up as and when you can
uh yeah
and the amount of people that have
joined new companies
you know whether particular particularly
in their in the frontline sales roles
like so many people have changed
and i know for me like a couple of years
a couple years ago um when i moved over
to san francisco from from london and
i uh i got to go to the sales force
offices for the first time like i felt
so connected to uh salesforce uis
offices i felt so connected uh
to the company to the culture and i
connected with the huge friends who
who've started at salesforce over the
last couple of years who haven't been to
an office
and and and like people just don't feel
as connected with their brand and and
their company unless you do something
about it
uh and i think that's another thing that
managers need to be proactive about now
i remember we did some some cro round
tables last year and they were talking
about one of the biggest challenges
they're facing is that
it is around talent you know even where
they got to the point where where talent
would accept jobs and then they wouldn't
turn up for those jobs uh because they
got a better offer elsewhere
right
i i think
you need to create a culture that goes
way beyond the numbers
on that point
how
if you're perhaps looking for a new
opportunity
and you're
maybe you're interviewing for a few
companies
are there any things that you recommend
that we should look out for tim
to i guess make sure the culture's
gonna be a good fit to make sure they're
actually gonna openly support
mental health um there's gonna be a
community there so if we do have
problems they're going to help us it's
not just going to be join the company
slammed hard on us day one and we're
working our ass off to hit our number um
are there any things that we should look
out for from an organization we're
perhaps looking to join
yeah i mean thankfully with uh with
companies like rep view and glassdoor
you know there's so many great
technologies that are out there now you
can get some insights
uh
i think number one is looking at what
benefits are available so this is kind
of the you know what's on paper
do they have good benefits to to support
me and the thing i would look out for
there is are they specifically calling
out mental health benefits as opposed to
particularly in the us
uh you know just health insurance and
some of the more standard uh uh
offerings yeah number two i think within
the interview process uh is
understanding again depending on the
interview process perhaps you're meeting
some of your peers perhaps you're
interviewing with the hiring manager who
would be your manager
um
kind of guessing after them like what is
your leadership style
you know how happy are people on your
team
uh
on a side not one of the great questions
is always asked to go to ask about
attainment you know how many people are
actually hitting quarter or have hit
quota i think that's a big red flag if
if they don't answer that question
um
and and and
then the final thing is is just
understanding like what what's the work
environment and and this is the hardest
one to kind of assess but seeing if
through your linkedin connections that
your primary network your secondary
network like do you have other people
that work there already
and can give you a feel like are people
always logged on to slack or whatever
messaging platform until 10 p.m at night
uh
or you know are people actually working
manageable hours and again i recognize
as i say that i hear the the sales voice
in my head i'm like well sometimes you
got to work like hours like i get it
like with the rfps and you're coming
towards the end of the quarter like 100
but is it is it a constant like are
people really just being
pressured constantly
uh and and again just to say like some
people thrive in that i've thrived in
that environment for a long period of
time and i definitely credit it with
like where i've got two in my career
however i now know after going through
certain life events it's not feasible
for me to continue that
and so
you know what if you think it's if it's
a great financial move for you if you
think you're gonna hit target and and
you're gonna it's really gonna help
boost your career you know maybe you're
going for an ae role or a senior your
role or want to get into sales
management
go for it you know but just be very
clear with what you're buying into
i suppose it's about asking the tough
questions especially an interview
process so you can really understand
look what's quite up how many people are
hitting it and walk me through what what
a day working in this role is
asking those tricky ones that you might
be a little bit
apprehensive to ask and then that's a
good point about speaking to people in
your network whether that's on linkedin
or other channels so you can actually
say look what's this actually like
working for this company can you share
insights into what you're doing how
difficult is quota how
are they providing you with leads or
outbound or whatever's relevant to the
role you're going after some really good
points so we've talked a lot about sales
and leadership what about flipping it to
marketing
are there any um
are there any uh any
i guess anything we should look out for
as a marketer perhaps which is a little
bit less talked about in terms of things
that could be really stressing us out
really impacting our mental health any
um
any things we should be aware of
and perhaps we can chat about how to
combat those too
yeah well
thankfully salesforce has extremely high
standards uh when it comes to creative
to brand to to product marketing like
across the board
and uh a story i'll share is that when
we created uncrushed i tried to bring
those very high standards into the
company
and
that didn't work
uh you know namely because you know we
want paying people it's a 501c3
non-profit like volunteering
um
and so i i think that that saying of
perfection is the enemy of good
um and so recognizing like as a marketer
i have such high standards
that sometimes it's okay not to have
something perfect and and get it out
there
and i found with
um you know the team and uncrushed like
that mentality was then being pushed
onto other people and that wasn't good
for their mental health so i share this
not only as like an ic but also as a
leader
uh really just think about okay is this
really required
and i appreciate like because that's an
example obviously in the nonprofit world
different when when you are paying
people um but let's let's look at things
like project launches uh or product
launches you know when you're getting
something to market other timelines
feasible and sometimes there's something
that's just unavoidable you know you
need to get it out to to market maybe
it's a partnership or
a new feature release
um but sometimes just taking a step back
and and asking some of the teams you're
collaborating with like
it is this needed you know and i think
some of the biggest partners to to
marketing you've got products you've got
sales you've got customer success
like sometimes there could be a lot of
pressure and i think one of the biggest
skills is to learn how to prioritize and
how to look how to learn how to say no
sometimes
it's going to say is if you're a
marketer probably the the biggest
headache headache the biggest stress the
biggest cause of high blood pressure is
cells saying we don't have enough leads
give us some more leads
yeah and
you've got a you've got that stress to
deal with yeah
how about for you though like i assume
sometimes you have clients that come
forward and they they want instantaneous
results
all the time yeah yeah those uh those
are common requests especially in in our
games so
a lot of what we provide is search
engine optimization which tends to be a
long-term process of getting websites to
organic page one of google and when
prospects are coming to us saying that
we need it in a week or we need it a
month we're very upfront and the fact
that that's that's not going to happen
um
so i suppose it's managing expectations
which isn't so bad on my side as a
agency co-owner but i suppose if you're
because and because i'm long in the
tooth i've been doing it many years so
i've learned what's going to cause me
stress and how to manage customers and
all that good stuff um i suppose it's
being aware and also
if you're not necessarily in an agency
if you're in an internal
outfit as a marketer you might not have
that privilege
yeah i mean
definitely a skill to like you said like
you developed you know and through
experience and so
particularly for any new marketers that
are starting here and i know now
marketing you can come from many
different backgrounds like in sales and
customer success and product etc and so
just just listening to your words there
like
it's uh it's a big skill to to develop
and not to put that pressure on yourself
yeah yeah yeah certainly i guess from a
marketing front learning to
not always
and it's going to be difficult if you're
in a more junior role um but not always
accepting
or perhaps discussing things a bit more
so if if cells or leadership do say look
we need x amount of leads or we need
this launch by this date without fail
then having a conversation and saying if
it's if it's going to be realistic or
not as there's no point in putting
unneeded deadlines or stress on your
head if the target is way out the window
and then having a discussion around it
and setting some sensible expectations
so everyone's on the same page you're
not stressing out sales aren't chasing
you leadership's okay and making sure
everyone's kind of cooling down and
being reasonable i suppose yeah
definitely
good good stuff tim look really enjoyed
the conversation today
thanks very much
it's been uh yeah been really useful and
she had some great insights around how
we can keep our mental health in shape
so with that said please do tell us more
about how everyone tuning in can learn
more about yourself more about uncrush
and the best way to get in touch
yeah uh so they can follow me on
linkedin um
that's probably the easiest platform to
to message me on um you know
particularly if anyone's struggling uh
you know feel free to to just share that
with me if you feel comfortable and if
you're going to connect you with someone
i'm happy to do that
uh and then from an unkosh point of view
you can go to uncrushed uncrushed.org
all of our content resources are
available free of charge we've got the
state of mental health
in sales survey that we did with jeff
risley and richard harris
available on the website
so check it out and please let us know
you can also follow us on all their uh
primary channels uh like on crush on
linkedin uh if you wanna engage with us
nice one excellent stuff tim so we'll
put all of those links over in the show
notes over at
businessgrowth.marketing and with that i
want to thank you once again for coming
on
yeah thanks so much
no worries and as always if you did
enjoy today's episode why not leave us a
quick rating or subscribe for actionable
marketing and business tips each and
every week and with that we should catch
you on the next one cheers